--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
iProtal -   an automatic tool for adjusting Metal and Progressive Rock / Metal
            genre of iTunes songs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

iProtal is a Mac OS X program that scans an iTunes Library of songs, or the 
currently selected songs and automatically fetches the correct genre
for all the artists.

Currently, it fetches the genre from:
- Prog Archives (http://progarchives.com)
- Enciclopaedia Metallum (http://metal-archives.com)

At the current state the program only works in Terminal mode, so everything is 
displayed as scary text. The author is not planning to write a graphical user
interface now, but welcomes anybody who offers to write one.

HOW TO RUN IT?
1) Install py-appscript
First, install py-appscript as it is required. From the terminal, run
sudo easy_install appscript
Other ways to install it are available on 
the official website http://appscript.sourceforge.net/py-appscript/install.html
2) Run the program's main.py. If you are not confident with the terminal, an 
easy way is to open the "Terminal" application of Mac OS X, type "python "
without the double quotes (followed by a space, as you see), 
drag the file src/main.py in the terminal and hit enter.

HOW DOES IT WORK?
For any selected iTunes song (or the whole iTunes Library), the program fetches
the genre from the fetchers in the order listed above. The possible cases are:
1) No genre is found
The tracks for which no genre could be found are stored in memory and displayed
before exiting the program.
2) A Genre is found
The tracks genre is automatically updated without user interaction.
3) More genres are found
This happens with Enciclopaedia Metallum when more artists are found under the
same name. The program delays the processing of the related songs and continues
with the next group. Before exiting, iProtal asks the user which genre is more
suitable for the tracks.

WHEN DOES IT NOT WORK?
The program won't work:
1) In case of bugs
Please drop a mail to d AT danielgraziotin DOT it, describing what
happened, including the program output. The author will fix the bugs
2) The Artist name is not the same as the one stored in the remote fetchers
Please try to use official names when naming Artists in iTunes. "F4tesWarn1ng" 
is not the same as "Fates Warning". The program does not care about upper cases.

MORE FETCHERS?
Send a mail to d AT danielgraziotin DOT it and suggest a new source for getting
genres. The author will be happy to add it in his very scarce free time.

SUGGESTIONS, FEATURE REQUESTS
Send a mail to d AT danielgraziotin DOT it.